the creation of this API allows me to log information about the students who wish to pick up new skills using this app, it allows me to track the ID along with the first name, last name, age, and occupation. it also allows me to make updates on this information when the student becomes a year older or if they have changed occupation (from student to which ever profession they are now in)
this API can be updated using the postman app and doesnt need to be logged on the actual code on eclipse/intellij which saves both time as well as reducing the number of lines of code used to construct this API. this reduced the burden carried on the operating system when testing and also on me; the developer since i had less debugging to do.
i expected this challenge to be very demanding as i was lagging behind during the third week of java however after constructing a plan and going over the lecture vidoes i was able to finish this project on time. the only thing that was concerning was that my macbook was having a hard time using mysql and i needed to be able to see if my project worked on the postman as well as mysql in order to take the screenshots as well as see if the update and delete function worked. 
what went well was that i was able to gain a deeper understanding the databases and the how APIs work as well as the importance of postman, it made testing my API a lot easier and allowed me to narrow down where i was goin wrong. what i didnt expect to happen during my project was elipse refusing to work the way i needed it to so i had to make use of intellij which i was more comfortable with. i was able to make up for lost time using intellij and fianlly was able to complete my project on time.
one way i can improve my project is being able add a function that registers deleted users in a seperate file in order to allow for backups or use the data later on for data representation and statistical analysis. being able to understand how many users delete their account allows us to understand how to improve and keep valued students.
